# Project name: spotify-data-

### Names of group members
##### (if you don’t want to for privacy, add usernames).
______ and Kyle Jurkowski

### Short description of the project.

### List of Python packages
##### Also include their versions (e.g. numpy 1.21.5). This is good practice for reproducible and responsible programming!
- numpy 1.21.5
- pandas 1.4.2
- matplotlib 3.5.1

### Detailed description of the demo file
##### This includes detailed instructions on how to run it, what output one should expect to see, and any explanations or interpretations of the result. There should be at least 2 figures embedded in this section. It can be screenshots of your game, or plots generated by your data visualization code. Make sure these figures have appropriate titles and captions, and are sufficiently explained in your text.

### Scope and limitations
##### Including ethical implications, accessibility concerns, and ideas for potential extensions.

### References and acknowledgement.
Link: https://github.com/lindseymardona/msd-exploration/blob/main/data_visuals_class.py

### Background and source of the dataset
##### (If appropriate)

### Links to any tutorials you used
##### (If appropriate) At least 3 specific things you implemented that differentiates your project from what’s already in the tutorial.

### IMPORTANT NOTE
##### Your demo has to be completely reproducible by people outside of your team. If I follow your code and instructions but can’t reproduce your results, there may be a penalty.
We might need to address or clarify something about a bug I found in the code:\
When creating an instantiation of the `data_visualizations` class, we need to have this before the following line in the Jupiter Notebook:
```
spotify = spotify[["AlbumName", "ArtistName", "Duration", "KeySignature", "Tempo", "TimeSignature", "Title", "Year", "SongHotness"]]
```
If we call the data_visualizations after this line, we run into an error because the above line transforms `spotify` from a **dataframe** to a **module** (not sure what a module is exactly)
